going to bed is a tug of war not anymore
[Music]
draw jammies are the pajamas you can
actually draw on watch use one of the
scented pen to draw a picture with draw
jammies
you'll make dozens of dazzling design
ready for the wash watch this your
design disappears and you can draw on
them again create a whole new design
next time every wash gives you fresh
pajamas to draw on draw jammies come
with glow-in-the-dark and scented
markers plus a stencil kit just pick
your favorite color and design and draw
draw draw
[Music]
get our tea at a slumber party there's
dozens of designs for sleepy time so
easy kids of any age can use straw
jammies just look at all the designs get
creative with clouds and rainbows
perfect for the voice with footballs or
soccer balls pick pretty pink draw
jammies and stencil a heart or draw
snowflakes and stars write your name and
be the star let the whole world know
you'll be fast friends forever
you can even use the glow pens to write
a secret message that can only be seen
in the dark now you can get draw jammies
in your choice of pink or blue for
$19.99 plus shipping and handling
available in kids sizes we'll also send
you six scented markers stencil sheets
and three glow pens you get it all but
you must be 18 years or older to call or
logon
[Music]
you